what's up guys it's toast and today I'm
gonna be showing you how to make Isaac
from The Binding of Isaac what you're
gonna need for this tutorial is wool
black wool pink wool and my blue like I
couldn't find any other things to do so
I just decided to do this because I love
this game it's silly
let's go along and I just woke up and I
don't sound like I did a year ago I
think that's what it was I did the
Enderman was like I just literally woke
up when I did the video and it was a
really bad idea
well not really but there were some
funny comments on it and they made me
giggle and some of them made me cry like
a little girl
so that's that because they hurt my
feelings there's some mean people on
YouTube I'm just going to say that right
now yeah I might actually do some
gameplay for this on epic gamers because
that's a really good channel you guys
should know should I'll check it out um
I actually have dead space i gameplay
going up on the channel
this is basically a symmetrical
symmetrical find the words escaping out
of my brain but I actually couldn't I I
didn't grab this one out I'm just
I didn't graph this picture out or the
explored out because it's it's so tiny
and I didn't feel like I needed to but I
probably should have done it anyway but
this is a fairly simple pixel art statue
and I loved the game that's why I did it
otherwise I wouldn't give this at all
because it's so simple but hilarious
it's how I love mine I mean that's
that's not how I'm just messing up their
Sonic over there no Sonic he's in flames
that's that's Isaac gotta love him he's
teeny-tiny little man I'll so check out
check out epic gamers we're not gonna
burn Isaac thanks for watching bye guys